docs(framework) Expand how-to-authenticate-supernodes page (#4909)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/how-to-authenticate-supernodes.rst

Authenticate SuperNodes
=======================

When running a Flower Federation (see :doc:`ref-flower-network-communication`) it is

> fundamental that each an authentication mechanism is avaialbe between the SuperLink and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fundamental that an authentication mechanism is available between the SuperLink and
```

the SuperNodes that connect to it. Flower comes with two different mechanisms to
authenticate SuperNodes that connect to a running SuperLink:

> - **Automatic authentication**: In this mode, the SuperLink ... preventing ... . This is
>   the default mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic authentication**: In this mode, the SuperLink checks the timestamp-based signature in each request from SuperNodes to prevent impersonation and replay attacks.
```

> - **CSV-based authentication**: In this mode, the SuperLink is supplied with a list of
>   public keys of the SuperNodes that are allowed to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CSV-based authentication**: This mode functions similarly to automatic authentication but requires the SuperLink to be provided with a list of authorized public keys, allowing only those SuperNodes to connect.
```

> The automatic authentication mechanism works out of the box and therefore no
> configuration is needed. On the other hand CSV-based authentication is more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatic authentication mode works out of the box and therefore 
requires no configuration. On the other hand, CSV-based authentication mode is more
```
